data/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin.txt 0644 Documentation
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/WebDAVLinkPlugin.pm 0644 Perl module
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/WebDAVLinkPlugin/Config.spec 0444 Configuration parameters
lib/Foswiki/Plugins/WebDAVLinkPlugin/JQueryPlugin.pm 0444 The JQueryPlugin
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/jquery-1.1.3.js 0644 For TWiki compatibility only
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/jquery.livequery-1.0.3.js 0644 For TWiki compatibility only
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/webdavlink_src.js 0644 Javascript
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/webdavlink.js 0644 Compressed Javascript
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/wikiringlogo20x20.png 0644 Graphic
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/icon.png 0644 Firefox extension
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/firefox/webdavlink.xpi 0644 Firefox extension
templates/attachtables.webdav.tmpl 0644 Foswiki template
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/MacOS-Transmit-connect.png 0664
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/MacOS-Transmit-filelist.png 0664
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/MacOS-Transmit-mount.png 0664
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/WebDAV-custom-level.png 0664
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/WebDAV-security-settings.png 0664
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/WebDAV-trusted-sites1.png 0664
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/WebDAV-trusted-sites2.png 0664
pub/System/WebDAVLinkPlugin/icon_edit.png 0664
locale/WebDAVLinkPlugin/de.po 0644
